Sample app for a Spring Cloud Stream binder, functional style (#1990)
spring-cloud/spring-cloud-gcp: docs/src/main/asciidoc/spring-stream.adoc

spring.cloud.stream.bindings.events.group=consumerGroup1
----

=== Binding with Functions

Since version 3.0, Spring Cloud Stream supports a functional programming model natively.
This means that the only requirement for turning your application into a sink is presence of a `java.util.function.Consumer` bean in the application context.

```
@Bean
public Consumer<UserMessage> logUserMessage() {
  return userMessage -> {
    // process message
  }
};
```

A source application is one where a `Supplier` bean is present.
It can return an object, in which case Spring Cloud Stream will invoke the supplier repeatedly.
Alternatively, the function can return a reactive stream, which will be used as is.

```
@Bean
Supplier<Flux<UserMessage>> generateUserMessages() {
  return () -> /* flux creation logic */;
}
```

A processor application works similarly to a source application, except it is triggered by presence of a `Function` bean.

> WARNING: When using the `spring-cloud-gcp-pubsub-stream-binder` dependency, configuring `spring.cloud.function.definition` property to indicate function bean is *required*, even though Spring Cloud Stream has ability to autodiscover functional beans.

Reviewer: This seems like a major headache and defeats the promised simplicity of auto-discovering the function.
How bad would it be to hide the `pubSubReactiveScheduler` bean from the application context by creating it directly inside the `pubSubReactiveFactory` bean definition?

```suggestion
WARNING: Even though Spring Cloud Stream is able to autodiscover functional beans, when using the `spring-cloud-gcp-pubsub-stream-binder` dependency, configuring the `spring.cloud.function.definition` property to indicate the function bean is *required*.
```

Author: Need to figure out the lifecycle of reactor schedulers; the reason for having schedulers as beans is to have Spring close them on application shutdown.

I created #1997 to track. 
Once this sample is in, I'll also create an issue in SCS repo, pointing to it as an example of the problem.

> If this property is omitted, you will see a warning `Found more then one function beans in BeanFactory: [_your-bean-name_, pubSubReactiveScheduler]`, and the function returned by _your-bean-name_ will never be bound to a Cloud Pub/Sub topic or subscription.

Reviewer 2: ??? Seems for me we have agreed that this is not a case any more.
See #1997

Sample applications are available:

> * For https://github.com/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-gcp/tree/master/spring-cloud-gcp-samples/spring-cloud-gcp-pubsub-binder-sample[streaming input].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For https://github.com/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-gcp/tree/master/spring-cloud-gcp-samples/spring-cloud-gcp-pubsub-binder-sample[streaming input, annotation-based].
```
